README.md, before:

# nicknadeau.net

The source code backing [nicknadeau.net](https://nicknadeau.net).

The pages of my website display my page content structured inside C code syntax. This is real runnable C. As such, it only makes sense you should be able to compile and execute the "site" on the commandline.

The "native" portion of the site refers to all of the C source code, from which the real web frontend is auto-generated.

## Building And Running Natively
To build the site-as-commandline binary:

```shell
make clean src/native/nicknadeau
```

To run the site-as-commandline binary, either execute the binary directly or:

```shell
make clean run
```

## Auto-generating HTML From Native Source
The site is defined as a collection of compilable C source files that can be run on the commandline. It would just be wasteful and error-prone to rewrite them as HTML for the web too. Instead, we just auto-generate the HTML from the C files.

To generate an HTML file from a C file simply run:
```shell
python3 generate/html_from_native.py <source-path>
```

Example:
```shell
python3 generate/html_from_native.py src/native/about.c
```

## Packaging Website
To package the web frontend code up into a directory to be hosted out of, as well as a tarball, run:

```shell
make clean pack
```

Commit message:

Added script to generate all HTML files from all native source files
- This python script can be pointed at the root directory of the source
  tree for the native C source files and at an output directory and it
  will generate an HTML file for each C file in the source root. Note that
  it will preserve the directory structure so that if we have SRC/foo/bar.c
  then we will get OUT/foo/bar.c - any missing directories will be created,
  including OUT. We consider directories named 'include' as special and
  ignore them, since they should only contain headers.
- Added a command to the makefile to generate everything. Also added this
  to the all target before we pack so that all will freshly generate
  everything for us and then pack it up.

README.md, after:

# nicknadeau.net

The source code backing [nicknadeau.net](https://nicknadeau.net).

The pages of my website display my page content structured inside C code syntax. This is real runnable C. As such, it only makes sense you should be able to compile and execute the "site" on the commandline.

The "native" portion of the site refers to all of the C source code, from which the real web frontend is auto-generated.

## Building And Running Natively
To build the site-as-commandline binary:

```shell
make clean src/native/nicknadeau
```

To run the site-as-commandline binary, either execute the binary directly or:

```shell
make clean run
```

## Auto-generating HTML From Native Source
The site is defined as a collection of compilable C source files that can be run on the commandline. It would just be wasteful and error-prone to rewrite them as HTML for the web too. Instead, we just auto-generate the HTML from the C files.

To generate all our HTML files from all our C files simply run:
```shell
make clean generate-html
```

## Packaging Website
To package the web frontend code up into a directory to be hosted out of, as well as a tarball, run:

```shell
make clean pack
```

## Putting It All Together
We can compile our C source, generate all of the corresponding HTML files from it, and then pack up our web contents by simply running:
```shell
make clean all
```
